docs: add PandaCSS example (#119)
ocavue/astrobook: examples/pandacss/README.md

> An example that uses Astrobook and Tailwind CSS.
> 
> [![Open in StackBlitz](https://developer.stackblitz.com/img/open_in_stackblitz.svg)](https://stackblitz.com/github/ocavue/astrobook/tree/master/examples/tailwindcss)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example that uses Astrobook and Panda CSS.

[![Open in StackBlitz](https://developer.stackblitz.com/img/open_in_stackblitz.svg)](https://stackblitz.com/github/ocavue/astrobook/tree/master/examples/pandacss)
```
